Update telephone-numbers.mdx (#735)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/patterns/telephone-numbers.mdx

There are several display formats that describe how numbers should be shown and these should be used along with accessibility considerations.

:::caution
In iOS, Safari automatically detects numbers that it assumes are phone numbers and converts them into hyperlinks.

> [How to prevent issues with this](/patterns/telephone-numbers/#prevention-of-ios-automatic-behaviour)

Reviewer: It's not necessary to have the full URL to an in-page link. Just the hash is required.

```suggestion
[How to prevent issues with this](#prevention-of-ios-automatic-behaviour)
```

> [How to prevent issues with this](/patterns/telephone-numbers/#prevention-of-ios-automatic-behaviour)

Reviewer: As line 16 is on a new line, I am assuming that the intention is to have this link on a new line. If so, it's necessary to have a space between the two lines. (Currently it's appearing on the same line.)

If it's intended for the link to be on the same line, please place it on the same line.

- Disclose customer phone numbers to the public.
:::

### Special numbers

To aid memorability, the patterns we use for freephone, non-geographical or emergency numbers are as follows:

| Format | Usage

> | :--- | :---

Reviewer: All rows within markdown tables should have a pipe at the end of each row.

It appears that this change was part of VSCode linting the page, which drew this to my attention.

It would be great if you could check and repair other instances on the page that are missing a pipe at the end of each row.

```suggestion
| :--- | :--- |
```

If you don't want to display a number as a link do not use the `<a>` tag. For example, when displaying a customer's phone number they have provided, they don't need to be able to call themselves. 

#### Prevention of iOS automatic behaviour

> In iOS, Safari automatically detects phone numbers on web pages and converts them into clickable links. This feature is designed to make it easier for users to call a phone number directly from a webpage. However, this automatic behaviour can sometimes interfere with the intended design or functionality of a webpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In iOS, Safari automatically detects numbers that it assumes are phone numbers and converts them into hyperlinks. This feature is designed to make it easier for users to call a phone number directly. However, this automatic behaviour can sometimes interfere with the user experience.

For example; a reference number could be misinterpreted as a phone number.
```

> To prevent Safari from automatically detecting and linking phone numbers, a format-detection meta tag can be used in the HTML head section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent Safari from automatically detecting and linking phone numbers, a format-detection meta tag can be used in the `<head>` of the HTML document:
```

```html

> <head>
>     <meta name="format-detection" content="telephone=no">
> </head>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<meta name="format-detection" content="telephone=no">
```

```

> By adding this meta tag, it disables the automatic phone number detection for the entire page. Then, where it is required to include a clickable phone number link, it can be manually created using `tel:`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding this meta tag disables automatic phone number detection.

When it is required to include a clickable phone number link, create it using `tel:`:
```
